1. What is the 48-bit Ethernet address of your computer? 
Source: RivetNet_d6:4a:63 (9c:b6:d0:d6:4a:63)

2. What is the 48-bit destination address in the Ethernet frame? Is this the Ethernet  address of gaia.cs.umass.edu? (Hint: the answer is no). What device has this as its  Ethernet address? [Note: this is an important question, and one that students  sometimes get wrong. Re-read pages 468-469 in the text and make sure you  understand the answer here.] 
Destination: JuniperN_0e:c2:81 (7c:e2:ca:0e:c2:81)
Router which i m using.

3. Give the hexadecimal value for the two-byte Frame type field. What upper layer  protocol does this correspond to? 
Type: IPv4 (0x0800)

4. How many bytes from the very start of the Ethernet frame does the ASCII “G” in  “GET” appear in the Ethernet frame? 
54bytes

5. What is the value of the Ethernet source address? Is this the address of your  computer, or of gaia.cs.umass.edu (Hint: the answer is no). What device has this  as its Ethernet address? 
Source: JuniperN_0e:c2:81 (7c:e2:ca:0e:c2:81)
Router which i m using.

6. What is the destination address in the Ethernet frame? Is this the Ethernet address  of your computer?
Destination: RivetNet_d6:4a:63 (9c:b6:d0:d6:4a:63)
YES

7. Give the hexadecimal value for the two-byte Frame type field. What upper layer  protocol does this correspond to? 
Type: IPv4 (0x0800)

8. How many bytes from the very start of the Ethernet frame does the ASCII “O” in  “OK” (i.e., the HTTP response code) appear in the Ethernet frame?
67bytes(54+13) 54=(Eth head(14) + IP head(20) + TCP head(20))

9. Write down the contents of your computer’s ARP cache. What is the meaning of  each column value? 


10. What are the hexadecimal values for the source and destination addresses in the  Ethernet frame containing the ARP request message? 
11. Give the hexadecimal value for the two-byte Ethernet Frame type field. What  upper layer protocol does this correspond to? 
12. Download the ARP specification from 
ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/std/std37.txt. A readable, detailed discussion of  ARP is also at http://www.erg.abdn.ac.uk/users/gorry/course/inet-pages/arp.html.  a) How many bytes from the very beginning of the Ethernet frame does the  ARP opcode field begin?  
b) What is the value of the opcode field within the ARP-payload part of the  Ethernet frame in which an ARP request is made? 
c) Does the ARP message contain the IP address of the sender?
d) Where in the ARP request does the “question” appear – the Ethernet  address of the machine whose corresponding IP address is being queried? 13. Now find the ARP reply that was sent in response to the ARP request.  a) How many bytes from the very beginning of the Ethernet frame does the  ARP opcode field begin?  
b) What is the value of the opcode field within the ARP-payload part of the  Ethernet frame in which an ARP response is made? 
c) Where in the ARP message does the “answer” to the earlier ARP request  appear – the IP address of the machine having the Ethernet address whose  corresponding IP address is being queried? 
14. What are the hexadecimal values for the source and destination addresses in the  Ethernet frame containing the ARP reply message? 
15. Open the ethernet-ethereal-trace-1 trace file in  
http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/wireshark-traces.zip. The first and second  ARP packets in this trace correspond to an ARP request sent by the computer  running Wireshark, and the ARP reply sent to the computer running Wireshark by  the computer with the ARP-requested Ethernet address. But there is yet another  computer on this network, as indicated by packet 6 – another ARP request. Why  is there no ARP reply (sent in response to the ARP request in packet 6) in the  packet trace? 
