The goal of this first lab was primarily to introduce you to Wireshark. The following questions will demonstrate that you’ve been able to get Wireshark up and running, and have explored some of its capabilities. Answer the following questions, based on your Wireshark experimentation:
1. List 3 different protocols that appear in the protocol column in the unfiltered packet-listing window in step 7 above.
2. How long did it take from when the HTTP GET message was sent until the HTTP OK reply was received? (By default, the value of the Time column in the packet listing window is the amount of time, in seconds, since Wireshark tracing began. To display the Time field in time-of-day format, select the Wireshark View pull down menu, then select Time Display Format, then select Time-of-day.)
3. What is the Internet address of the gaia.cs.umass.edu (also known as www-net.cs.umass.edu)? What is the Internet address of your computer?
4. Print the two HTTP messages (GET and OK) referred to in question 2 above. To do so, select Print from the Wireshark File command menu, and select the “Selected Packet Only” and “Print as displayed” radial buttons, and then click OK

この最初のラボの目標は、主にWiresharkを紹介することでした。 次の質問は、Wiresharkを起動して実行することができ、その機能のいくつかを調査したことを示しています。 Wiresharkの実験に基づいて、次の質問に答えてください。
1.上記の手順7のフィルタリングされていないパケットリストウィンドウのプロトコル列に表示される3つの異なるプロトコルをリストします。
2. HTTP GETメッセージが送信されてから、HTTP OK応答が受信されるまでにどのくらいの時間がかかりましたか？ （デフォルトでは、パケットリストウィンドウの[時間]列の値は、Wiresharkのトレースが開始されてからの時間（秒単位）です。[時間]フィールドを時刻形式で表示するには、[Wiresharkビュー]プルダウンメニューを選択してから、[ [時間表示形式]を選択してから、[時刻]を選択します。）
3. gaia.cs.umass.edu（www-net.cs.umass.eduとも呼ばれます）のインターネットアドレスは何ですか？ お使いのコンピュータのインターネットアドレスは何ですか？
4.上記の質問2で参照されている2つのHTTPメッセージ（GETとOK）を出力します。 これを行うには、Wiresharkファイルコマンドメニューから[印刷]を選択し、[選択したパケットのみ]と[表示どおりに印刷]の放射状ボタンを選択して、[OK]をクリックします。

1.Internet protocol
transmission control protocol
Ethereum protocol
2.GET:0.187737
OK:0.374990
二回目のアクセスのため、304 Not Modified
Image: Lab0PrtSc.jpg
3. My IP:10.58.97.10
gaia.cs.umass.edu IP:128.199.245.12
4. PDF
